README.md, before:

# Note Back End
> Note back end is a RESTful API build to provide CRUD operations to the Note app using Node.js, Express and MongoDB.

# Getting started

## Clone the repository
`git clone git@github.com:Zeeyed/Notes-Back-End.git`

## Install nodemon globally
`npm install nodemon -g`

## Install all dependecies
`npm install`

## Start the local server
`nodemon index`

# Code overview

## Dependencies

- [expressjs] : Node js web application that serve for handling HTTP requests
- [mongoose] : MongoDB object modeling tool that serve for modeling and mapping MongoBD data to javascript
- [bodyparser] : Node.js body parsing middleware that serve to parse body requests
- [nodemon]: Watch any change in the node js app and restart automatically the server - used for development

## Application Structure

- `index.js`: The entry point to our application. It define the express server, connected to MongoDB. It also require routes and models.
- `routes`: The route definitions of our API.
- `models`: The schema definition of our MongoBD models.

Commit message:

Rewrite update route and update README

README.md, after:

# Note Back End
> Note back end is a RESTful API build to provide CRUD operations to the Note app using Node.js, Express and MongoDB    .

# Getting started

## Requirements

- Make sure to install Node and npm.

## Clone the repository
`git clone git@github.com:Zeeyed/Notes-Back-End.git`

## Install nodemon globally
`npm install nodemon -g`

## Install all dependecies
`npm install`

## Start the local server
`nodemon index`

# Code overview

## Dependencies

- [expressjs] : Node js web application that serve for handling HTTP requests
- [mongoose] : MongoDB object modeling tool that serve for modeling and mapping MongoBD data to javascript
- [bodyparser] : Node.js body parsing middleware that serve to parse body requests
- [nodemon]: Watch any change in the node js app and restart automatically the server - used for development

## Application Structure

- `index.js`: The entry point to our application. It define the express server, connected to MongoDB. It also require routes and models.
- `routes`: The route definitions of our API.
- `models`: The schema definition of our MongoBD models.

## Application routes

These are the routes we use, the HTTP verbs to access the route and what they do.

| Routes         | HTTP Verb     | Description        |
| -------------  |:-------------:| ------------------:|
| /api/notes     | `GET`         | Get all notes      |
| /api/notes     | `POST`        | Create a note      |
| /api/notes/:id | `GET`         | Get a single note  |
| /api/notes/:id | `PUT`         | Update a note      |
| /api/notes/:id | `DELETE`      | Delete a note      |

# Testig the API

Test the API with [Postman](https://www.getpostman.com/apps)
